Add Ruby 3 breaking changes section to upgrade guides (#42638)
rails/rails: guides/source/upgrading_ruby_on_rails.md

It's a good idea to upgrade Ruby and Rails separately. Upgrade to the latest Ruby you can first, and then upgrade Rails.

#### Ruby 3 breaking changes

> Ruby 3 introduces breaking changes to [keyword arguments](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/news/2019/12/12/separation-of-positional-and-keyword-arguments-in-ruby-3-0/). Whilst we do our best in order to make sure the Rails API is compatible between supported Ruby versions sometimes this isn't possible, below you'll find some (but not all) examples of such issues.
> 
> Passing the keyword argument as the last hash parameter is no longer working, you need to transform the hash parameter to keywords by using the double splat operator `**`:

Reviewer: Some minor suggestions to simplify the wording slightly. Please take this with a grain of salt as this is mostly a matter of personal preference. 🤗 

```suggestion
Ruby 3 introduces breaking changes to [keyword arguments](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/news/2019/12/12/separation-of-positional-and-keyword-arguments-in-ruby-3-0/). While we do our best in order to make sure the Rails API is compatible between supported Ruby versions sometimes this isn't possible. Below you'll find an example of such an issue.

Passing the keyword argument as the last hash parameter is no longer allowed. You need to use keywords or transform the hash parameter to keywords by using the double splat operator `**`:
```

Reviewer 2: I think the "in order" can be removed...
"While we do our best to make sure the Rails API is compatible..."

Before:

```ruby
class User < ApplicationRecord
  def add_error

>     errors.add(:name, :invalid, { message: "ops there was an error." })

Reviewer: I’d suggest using an example message that works well with the Rails way: that supposes it will be prefixed by the column name and not ending with a period like other messages so as to work with `to_sentence`. E.g.:

```suggestion
    errors.add(:name, :invalid, { message: "is not allowed" })
```

  end
end

User.new.add_error
# Works in Ruby <= 2.7, raises ArgumentError in Ruby 3
```

After:

```ruby
class User < ApplicationRecord
  def add_error

>     errors.add(:name, :invalid, **{ message: "ops there was an error." })

Reviewer: Should’nt we encourage the simplified syntax without the splats instead, here?

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
    # Equivalent to:
    #   errors.add(:name, :invalid, **{ message: "ops there was an error."})
    errors.add(:name, :invalid, message: "ops there was an error.")
```

Reviewer 3: Yes please ^ that syntax works across versions doesn’t it?

Reviewer: Oh yeah, I think that’s even clearer!
